hey Flynn the ball shelf and you know
I'm getting ready to wash up some
vegetables they just purchased today and
you know couldn't get anything organic
today I've got some Swiss chard here and
some watercrafts cucumber and some
Tomatoes you know sometimes I start
thinking about you know what chemicals
were used or what pesticides were used
on this stuff and and you know putting
all this stuff in there we know this
stuff's carcinogenic and these lot of
these may have been grown in foreign
countries that don't have the EPA
looking over their shoulder telling them
what chemicals they can can't is so the
question is is how do you clean the
pesticides off these vegetables and
fruits and a friend turned me under this
special water machine and I can get I
can take and I'm going to do an
experiment here just using filtered
water and try to clean these vegetables
off and see what is left as far as what
actually I can wash off using regular
water and then I'm going to use strip
water 11.5 pH and I think that that
strong pH water is going to be able to
take some of these pesticides and
chemicals off there we're going to take
a look at the two water samples after we
wash these and we're going to start out
with the fresh water okay so what we'll
do here is this is just regular clean
water and we'll just take in
and watch the Swiss chard down here and
try to get this as neat as it normally
would before I was going to try to
prepare this for something and just
squeeze every bit of the dirt whatever
out of here watch these Tomatoes down
and
[Music]
try this you've got a few comfort here
we've got wax on this water just doesn't
seem to take down much of the
anything I think we get some dirt out of
here I'm not sure but I've washed the
stuff up here really well what I'm gonna
do here I'm just going to drain these
off here and set these aside here for a
second waters look like horses but it's
into this bowl here oops
spill it was it careful
w8 wanted to make it's pretty darn clean
look like would watch much a day out
there that even tastes like vegetables
there's not really much anything in
there so what we're gonna do learn from
our lesson here on this one I guess will
be a little bit more careful but now it
is the same demonstration with the
strong Mountain Water 11.5 and rewash
these vegetables these same batch of
vegetables with a little bit of five and
what we'll do here is we will go with
the eleven five water coming out here
now and we're gonna do the same same
routine here basically spend about the
same amount of time and just pressing
this out trying to clean this the best
that we can
do some of those watercress in any
residue off of this Thanks I'm taking
this down
[Music]
set this
that the same amount meaning that I did
on the first experiment let me take this
thing here and I'm going to be a little
bit more careful here this time set this
light here maybe I can get for this this
water in here without spilling it this
time
[Music]
I've got no idea what all that's in
there but you can see clearly that this
strong alkaline water 11.5 is taken and
removed something off of these vegetable
that'll if it's pesticide dirt or
whatever it looks like there's some kind
of oily surface floating on the top of
this and if you've laid $100 down I
wouldn't drink this and I would put this
in my body
sometimes you have to think about what
you're eating try to buy organic we're
trying to buy stuff that's locally grown
and for me I'm pretty well hooked on
this machine and I think this is the
best way to try to clean vegetables